Minutes of Meeting: Thomas Booth, Daniel Woolsey, Carl Thomas, Richard Stevens, Wenju Mu, Stefan Ficur.
——————————————————————————————————

Date: 10/12/2016

Start Time: 13:00
End Time: 16:00

Date and time of next meeting: N/A

Topics discussed:
	
	- Again, we looked over each-others own code and offered any help where needed. 
Progress since last meeting:
	
	- A simple working version of the system has not been completed as of yet, meaning some people are still working on their
	  respective classes. But some progress has been made with regards to some people's classes. For example, the finished classes are:
		- Account
		- BST
		- BSTNode
		- Vertex
		- GUI and a couple of its subclasses.
		- ReadWrite and a couple of its subclasses.
		- Line and ParticleTrace
		- Message and its subclasses.
	  But, more work is still to be done before Monday's deadline.
TODO (for next meeting/deadline):
	
	- TOM: Write out the minutes report of this meeting and compile the group report before Monday's 
	       deadline. Also, think about and implement how the CollabDrawGUI can be made better.	
	- RICHARD: Compile your contribution to this assignment and post on GitHub for Tom to collect.
	- DAN: Finish off the implementation of the ReadWrite classes and also post your contribution to the assignment
	       on GitHub for Tom to collect.	
	- WENJU: Post your contribution to this assignment on GitHub for Tom to collect.
	- CARL: Finish off the MessageGUI class and post your contribution to the assignment on GitHub for Tom to collect. 
	- STEFAN: Finish off the implementation of ProfileGUI and post your contribution to the assignment on GitHub for
		  Tom to collect.
		