Minutes of Meeting: Thomas Booth, Daniel Woolsey, Carl Thomas, Richard Stevens, Wenju Mu
——————————————————————————————————

Date: 08/12/2016

Start Time: 14:00

End Time: 15:30



Date and time of next meeting: 10/12/2016



Topics discussed:
	
	- We reviewed each group member's code, which they should've produced, or at least
	  had a good attempt at, over the last week and helped them in areas where they were
	  struggling.
	- We also discussed the GUI implementation once more, to try and decide on needed GUI screens
	  for this product.
Progress since last meeting:
	
	- The BST, BSTNode, Account, GUI and majority of the Line and Particle Trace classes have been
	  complete.  A couple of the ReadWrite classes have also been implemented.
TODO (for next meeting):
	
	- TOM: Carry on with the implemenation of the Collaborative Drawing Environment. Try and 
	       figure out how to draw to a panel and save it to disk.	
	- RICHARD: Finish off the Graph class and also start to implement the newly designed Vertex class.
	- DAN: Carry on with the implementation of the ReadWrite classes. Also try and get all GUI's working together.	
	- WENJU: Finish off the implementation of the message classes.
	- CARL: Carry on with the implementation of the LoginGUI, CreateAccountGUI and MessageGUI classes.
	- STEFAN: Carry on with the implementation of the ProfileGUI and HomeGUI classes. Also, finish off the Main class which
	 	  you have nearly finished.
		